INTRODUCTION
The development of Covid-19 vaccine has renewed optimism for most people throughout the world, with the belief that a vaccination breakthrough will put an end to the dreadful Covid-19. Twitter's use as a means of interaction to reach a broader demographic was influenced by the pandemic. This research investigates conversations and emotions towards the Covid-19 vaccination distribution scheme. Covid-19 vaccine-related tweets were analyzed using Natural Language Processing (NLP) techniques.
This project focuses on the performance of deep learning architecture to classify and predict sentiments of public opinion in tweets and it seeks to answer the questions;1. How accurately can deep learning networks such as RNN and Pre-trained models predict or determine the opinion of the public? 2. What is the performance of the state-of-the-art models in comparison with other models for sentiment analysis? 3. Which geographical locations expresses the highest negative and positive sentiments?
The first part of this study examines the polarity ratings of comments about the COVID19 vaccine on Twitter. Second, text classification is accomplished using a suggested deep machine learning technique, such as the transformer and RNN architecture

RESULTS
The BERT model did essentially well when viewed alongside the other classification models, the model had an overall F1-score of 97%. On the other hand, RoBERTa had an overall F1-score of 96%. RNN(LSTM) also performed well with an F1-score of 95%, when it was combined with pretrained word embeddings, GloVe, its performance dropped to 92%. However, it did not perform as well as the other two models. Lastly, Naïve Bayes Classifier which is our baseline model and which is a commonly used machine learning classifier for text classification performed the lowest in this study, with an accuracy of 83%.Furthermore, each model performed effectively well when the overall performance is considered. However, BERT model outperforms the other models. As a result, in this research, BERT is a better classification model.Globally, the COVID-19 epidemic poses a serious risk to people's health. Due to the development of social media, 
public now have access to platforms where they can make their thoughts on these subjects known. COVID-19 tweets were analyzed in this study to demonstrate the impact of social media in relation to COVID-19 vaccine tweets from 2020 and 2021. This research presents insights: (1) Through analyzing the number of tweets about vaccination monthly (2) India had the highest number of positive sentiments while Canada has the highest negative sentiments. (3) BERT model outperformed other models with an accuracy of 97%. Prior studies with 
comparable goals (Topbas et al., 2021), revealed RNN performed better with an accuracy of up to 86%. Conclusively, if anti-vaccine sentiment is permitted to grow unchecked, it could pose a serious threat to public health initiatives and vaccination rates, the government can utilize information to raise vaccine awareness by analyzing social media data. Authorities in nations such as Canada, where there is a rising tide of anti-COVID19 vaccine sentiment, should step up their efforts with regards awareness in these areas. This research had some limitations; Larger dataset could be used to enable models learn better, data augmentation techniques were not 
considered which could be improved on in future research.
